ebay this is randy martin here at the
2013 toyota landcruiser the ultimate SUV
going to do a quick video walk around
this vehicle toyota made a couple of
revisions for this year there was no
model year 2012 this car has a few great
improvements over there already great
2011 model go take a couple of seconds
to highlight those this is a brand new
vehicle not a demo only has a few miles
on it brand new headlamps this year with
LED daytime running lights has an all
new wheel design
I'll bet you have new tail lamps LEDs
toyota went ahead and installed on the
tail lamps and the side mirrors the
vortex generators to help the vehicle
get a little better fuel economy
see those generators behind the mirror
this year they made the upgrade package
standard so navigation rear spoiler
cooler box they're all included
still got three memory seat positions
got heated steering wheel
okay prepper ated leather seats and one
feature I've been crying for for a long
time we now have ventilated seats in the
Land Cruiser the navigation system has
been updated to include Toyota's in tune
applications you've got Toyotas safety
connect feature in the Land Cruiser
power tilt sliding moonroof and the back
seats are even heated in the Land
Cruiser overhead DVD and you do have
third row seats in the toyota land
cruiser car only has seven miles at this
time may go up slightly do the test
drives but like i said this car will not
be a demo if you have any questions
about this vehicle my direct line is 803
76 77 300 803 76 and 77 300 in my name
is Randy Martin with dick dire Toyota
thank you